# What I couldn't see then. 
Hi, It's been a while old pal, hasn't it? I hope you don't mind, do you have one minute of your day to spare? I promise I'll be quick. I wouldn't ever want to drag you back to square one, disrupt your healing or anything of the sort, therefore, if by any chance you believe this isn't worth your time, please feel free to walk away, be it indefinitely or temporarily. Either way I'll understand. If you ever choose to come back, this will be here waiting for you, for a while that is. 

I'll cut to the chase then: you know I don't like burning bridges, I suck at it. I'm afraid of the ashes, the bitter smell of burning time and the thought of not treading the lands on the other side ever again. So, will you please hold this for me (hands large brick*) while I say some dumb shit. You need not attempt to cross the river below for I believe my piercing rant is audible enough. I'm sorry if these stones are to heavy a load. It was never my intent to make you bear such an unbearable cross. 

Please believe me when I tell you I've come a long way. Innumerable are the nights I've dozed off staring at the ceiling as I counted all of my faults. I was inconsiderate, brash, rude, unforgiving, impatient, beastly, pedantic, selfish, a total bore, beyond dull, a know-it-all, yes, yes, please chime in, I know you must have a few more to add. Lay it on me, I deserve it. But I was in love nonetheless. There was something I tried to give you. A childish love. But wait. Let me explain. I don't mean that in the traditional meaning of "Childish", I by no means wish to say it was something superficial, foolish and irresponsible, but rather, I consider "childishness" (in this context) to be a higher value of sorts. Something to be exalted for it's purity, fervor, it's inability to be defined. I'm certain that when you were younger, you must've fallen whole-heartedly for something as well. Something that made your heart skip a beat, something only a naïve child could fully understand. 

It took me a whole year to finally come to terms with a lot of things. They boiled beneath the surface for so long that it was only a matter of time until I had to rise. This isn't it though, I wouldn't dare lay unmeditated thoughts on you like this, and in the process waste your time. What I write here is the culmination of quite a few personal essays, long thought sessions and nightly walks. But once more, I don't find it fair at all to put you back on this cycle, or wavelength rather, since at the end of the day, we've traversed different paths to get here. You once asked why I did this to you? Kept pulling you back in. At the time I didn't really have an answer, so I wondered, did I like the sense of power? Was I a cold hearted bastard that wished even more pain for the hurting? Do believe I considered these dark thoughts. I sat with them. But I realized that what I did to you wasn't a product of malice, but rather of incompetence. 

There's so much I learned by being by your side. It's a tragedy that time has passed too soon, yet I've become wiser too late. So please forgive my contradictions as I try to explain this, but there were two sides to our love in my eyes. The pure, kindled love, this so called "childish" (in the good sense) love and, on the other hand, the thoughtful, timely, considerate love. I lacked the second, and therefore could never give you what I wanted, I could never give you my highest self (but please don't judge me too harshly for this, for I've just now realized it). It took me distance, a step back, to realize what I was getting wrong, and believe me, I've still got a long way to go. Maybe there's things I'll only realize when I see my own kids fall in love for the very first time. So if your heart allows you to do so, please do forgive me. I'm haunted by how idiotically I treated you: I mocked what you liked, discarded your values, wouldn't let your soul speak, despite hearing it's murmurs as my heel pressed it's throat, I didn't give you liberty to express yourself thoroughly, not for you to act in accordance to my liking, on the contrary. In fact, I believe the process of the "true you" emerging would've brought about more friction, yet in hindsight, I would've preferred that. I prefer that fire, that incontrollable chaos, contrary to someone tame, someone I reduced to nothing, someone I wouldn't let be. 

Furthermore, I'm very sorry for my lack of commitment. Forgive me for not fucking dancing with you once. Not fucking once, I couldn't go out of my way as to give you just one dance? (Forgive my French, but my disappointment in my past self is quite considerable). I'm sorry for not stepping outside of my comfort zone for you. I'm sorry for believing I was the main character in the story rather than taking one second to consider I was actually sharing the stage, sharing my life with another fascinating meatball who for some reason saw past all my self deprecation and insecurity, and decided to stay, and not just stay, but love. I can't even begin to express the sheer intensity of your love. It's something I seem to lack nowadays. I miss your hugs, the soft embrace of your cheeks, the comfort you used to bring to my shriveled up heart. I'm sorry I gave you my word. I'm sorry I promised we would spend the rest of our lives together, yet never put in the work to give you a relationship what would last a lifetime. I'm sorry I didn't go overboard, I'm sorry I didn't bring you flowers wrapped in fresh brown paper (como jode usted jaja), or surprise you with a ton of unscheduled meetings. I'm sorry I made the bus sound like too big an obstacle to come see you. I'm sorry for not working out with you more. I'm sorry for throwing these random-ass tantrums every once in a while, like that one time we went to Colina Plaza or whatever the mall is called (?) or the time I worked out with you half heartedly as I rejected all of your advice as if I had nothing to learn from you (how stupid of me, how blind, how pathetic). I'm sorry for not being able to choose a damn restaurant, I'm sorry for not taking initiative, I'm sorry for not switching off the introvert in me in order to be more chivalrous. I'm sorry for not providing a safe-space in order for you to tell me that every time we had sex you were actually hurting. I'm sorry for not comforting you enough during the hard times, I'm sorry for not walking in your shoes while you were hurting. I'm sorry for not taking a second to jump into your skin to understand that needles were actually a serious matter to you, or anxiety, or gay rights, I'm sorry for being disrespectful to the things you hold dear to heart. I'm sorry for mocking a community, be it seriously or in joke, that actually means something to you. I'm sorry for not taking just one fucking second to understand that there are boundaries, and that maybe, just maybe, you actually cared. But I was too foolish. I didn't hug you enough, spoil you with your favorite candy enough, take you to interesting places enough, told you, not with words that flail in the wind, but heart to heart (?(himno del Newman suena en el background)) how much I loved you enough, looked you in your eyes enough. 

What good is this now? I'm not sure, and once more, I'm sorry if this ended up being just another stab on my behalf into that scar of yours. I'm truly sorry if I've done no good, and on the contrary, simply dragged you back into the trenches with this letter. I won't babble on longer,  or try to find some meaning somewhere, I simply wished to say, what I feel for you will never be replicated. It's unique. A first. Whatever it is. Forgive me from my wrongdoings, and I hope you can learn from me as much as I have learned from you. 

Ad Astra...
-T

Btw, I kinda might-a owe u a guitar. So if u ever want to hear the half-ass song I learned and pick it up (or don't ;) ) just let me know. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPjqWwkAymg&ab_channel=TheWorstTaste

