---
layout: post
share: true
title: A note about notes
description: Lesgoh 6
summary: First Entry (?)
tags: [notes, unstructured, rant]
excerpt: Becoming an adult is fucking hard. Becoming an adult is realizing I'm prone to running away from myself. From the piercing silence. Prone to run back into someone's or something's arms because the thought of being alone, in this very instance, neither past nor future, but this, this very instance. This one. is a little too unbearable. Because one hates oneself, and one's thoughts, one's sharp edges and ugly protuberances. Because one is coming out of a shell. One now realizes that one searches for that familiar embrace not for it's own sake, not for healthy company or being a part of something bigger, but because one feels broken, and seeks to be fixed by someone/something (or is there even a difference (?), I at least like to believe so). But you wont find it. Not a hug warm enough, or praise loud enough. 

---

Becoming an adult is fucking hard. Becoming an adult is realizing I'm prone to running away from myself. From the piercing silence. Prone to run back into someone's or something's arms because the thought of being alone, in this very instance, neither past nor future, but this, this very instance. This one. is a little too unbearable. Because one hates oneself, and one's thoughts, one's sharp edges and ugly protuberances. Because one is coming out of a shell. 

One now realizes that one searches for that familiar embrace not for it's own sake, not for healthy company or being a part of something bigger, but because one feels broken, and seeks to be fixed by someone/something (or is there even a difference (?), I at least like to believe so). But you wont find it. Not a hug warm enough, or praise loud enough. 

This too can seem troubling. A life spent too much in one's own head. Half of it in the past. Half of it in the future. Always seeking. Always measuring. Always comparing. Living somewhere else. Enacting future encounters and re-writing past scenarios in one's head. Waiting to find one's solution, A theory of everything, and all at one's ripe 20 years of age. How funny we are. How foolish.

And this too, is no different. As I wish to sound smart. Be well written. As if someday this were to be read. It all means nothing. This is one of those nights when the absurd is a little too loud, but maybe a little too much, enough that it has given me a headache. How funny, that one becomes upset with one's self because one thinks too much about thinking too much about having these desires to be better. Perhaps one day one shall sit in a room with one's self and say, at least I can sit with myself, my thoughts might be not be the best, and I despite the fact I still mess up often, I try. I get up, push the boulder and smile. I do not much more. And I used to push it because I waited to get to the top and appreciate the view, but nowadays I just push it. Because I am waiting for death, but until then, at least I shall push. At least I shall make it fun. Find the joke in it. And laugh a little. For this miracle might be a little too rare, not to laugh once in a while. 

I am now born. I can choose now. 

-T
